chatbot/message-webhook.mdx, before:

---
title: Message Webhook
description: This endpoint is called by the server whenever a new message is received in a conversation where the chatbot is activated.
---

**`POST`** `https://${chatbotUrl}/message`

## Headers

| Name         | Value              |
| ------------ | ------------------ |
| Content-Type | `application/json` |

## Body

| Name           | Type                                        | Description                                                            |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `lastMessage`  | [last-message](/chatbot/types/last-message) | The message of the customer that triggered the chatbot                 |
| `conversation` | [conversation](/chatbot/types/conversation) | Data about the conversation between the customer and the restaurant    |
| `location`     | [location](/chatbot/types/location)         | Data about the restaurant                                              |
| `customer`     | [customer](/chatbot/types/customer)         | Data about the customer                                                |
| `orderDraft`   | [order-draft](/chatbot/types/order-draft)   | Data about the current order draft being processed in the conversation |
| `orders`       | [order](/chatbot/types/order)[]             | Data about the previous orders of the customer                         |

Commit message:

Added business oganization and updated message webhook payload

chatbot/message-webhook.mdx, after:

---
title: Message Webhook
description: This endpoint is called by the server whenever a new message is received in a conversation where the chatbot is activated.
---

**`POST`** `https://${chatbotUrl}/message`

## Headers

| Name         | Value              |
| ------------ | ------------------ |
| Content-Type | `application/json` |

## Body

Depending on the type of conversation the body of the message webhook can be either

| Name           | Type                                        | Description                                                               |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `lastMessage`  | [last-message](/chatbot/types/last-message) | The message of the customer that triggered the chatbot                    |
| `conversation` | [conversation](/chatbot/types/conversation) | Data about the conversation between the customer and the restaurant       |
| `location`     | [location](/chatbot/types/location)         | Data about the restaurant                                                 |
| `customer`     | [customer](/chatbot/types/customer)         | Data about the customer                                                   |
| `orderDraft`   | [order-draft](/chatbot/types/order-draft)   | Data about the current order draft being processed in the conversation    |
| `orders`       | [order](/chatbot/types/order)[]             | Data about the previous orders of the customer                            |
| `mode`         | "location"                                  | Mode of the conversation. Can be either location or business organization |

| Name                   | Type                                                          | Description                                                               |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `lastMessage`          | [last-message](/chatbot/types/last-message)                   | The message of the customer that triggered the chatbot                    |
| `conversation`         | [conversation](/chatbot/types/conversation)                   | Data about the conversation between the customer and the restaurant       |
| `businessOrganization` | [Business Organization](/chatbot/types/business-organization) | Data about the chain of restaurants                                       |
| `customer`             | [customer](/chatbot/types/customer)                           | Data about the customer                                                   |
| `orderDraft`           | [order-draft](/chatbot/types/order-draft)                     | Data about the current order draft being processed in the conversation    |
| `orders`               | [order](/chatbot/types/order)[]                               | Data about the previous orders of the customer                            |
| `mode`                 | "businessOrganization"                                        | Mode of the conversation. Can be either location or business organization |
